[hw,dma,doc] Update the spec for sign-off (#27840)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/dma/README.md

Ibex core to focus on security critical tasks. The secure DMA provides
a hardware isolation layer between OpenTitan and the rest of the SoC.
It provides the hardware enforcement of security properties through well
defined isolation & access control techniques, hardware based checking
and other protection mechanisms. Note that depending upon the use case, it
is expected that the SoC provides proper security mechanisms for code /
data protections such as access control mechanisms, encrypted and
integrity protected memory regions, etc.

An example scenario where a secure DMA could potentially be used is
firmware controlled secure boot operation:

-   Configure the DMA to move a signed firmware image (or a manifest) into the OT
    DMA enabled memory.
-   OT performs a digital cryptographic hash operation and a signature-based
    verification of the firmware image / manifest.
-   If the digital signature verification passes, the DMA is configured to move
    the firmware to a protected location within the SoC secured by
    access control to prevent further modification.
-   Enable other firmware-based processing elements to boot from this

>     secure location.

Reviewer: I think it would be valuable to keep a high-level use-case scenario (updated for the current features) somewhere in the DMA documentation. This could be in a later section of the README, for instance.

Author: I will add a use case section to that document.

Additional efficiency benefits can be derived by supporting optional
smart inline operations within the DMA controller such as on-the-fly hashing, on-the-fly
encryption, etc. Inline operations would
additionally remove size restrictions on data to be hashed and could
keep data that gets hashed or encrypted physically confidential. Inline
operations are a potential extension for a next generation of the DMA
Controller and are described in more detail in [*Extension: Inline
Operations*](./doc/theory_of_operation.md#extension-inline-operations).

The DMA controller shall be used in conjunction with the

> [*OpenTitan mailbox interface*](): The Ibex CPU reads

Reviewer: While usage of the DMA in conjunction with the Mailbox is not a *requirement*, I think it's worth mentioning that the two are designed to work well when used together.

> Its primary purpose is to offload the main processor (the Ibex core) from the overhead of large data copy operations, thereby freeing up the CPU for other computational tasks.

Reviewer: Adding to @alees24's suggestion, I suggest replacing 'offload' with 'free', since offloading to the DMA _frees_ the main processor to do other tasks.
```suggestion
Its primary purpose is to free the main processor (the Ibex core) from the overhead of large or slow data copy operations, thereby freeing up the CPU for other computational tasks.
```

>     3.  64-bit System (sys) Interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3.  64-bit System (sys) Interface (custom protocol)
```
